Update Vault Agent intro (#13267)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/agent/index.mdx

# Vault Agent

> Nearly all requests to Vault must be accompanied by a valid client token. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A valid client token must accompany most requests to Vault.
```

includes all API requests, as well as via the Vault CLI and other libraries.

> Therefore, Vault clients must first authenticate with Vault to acquire a token,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, Vault clients must first authenticate with Vault to acquire a token.
```

> and Vault provides a number of different authentication methods to assist in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vault provides several different authentication methods to assist in
```

> delivery of this initial token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
delivering this initial token.
```

![Client authentication](/img/diagram-vault-agent.png)

> If the client can securely get the token, all subsequent requests (e.g. request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the client can securely acquire the token, all subsequent requests (e.g., request
```

> database credentials, read key/value secrets) can be processed based on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
database credentials, read key/value secrets) are processed based on the
```

> trust established by successful authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
trust established by a successful authentication.
```

> This means that the client application must invoke the Vault API to authenticate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that client application must invoke the Vault API to authenticate
```

> with Vault and manage the acquired token in addition to invoking the API to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with Vault and manage the acquired token, in addition to invoking the API to
```

request secrets from Vault. This implies code changes to client applications;

> therefore, additional testing and maintenance of the application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
along with additional testing and maintenance of the application.
```

> The following code example implements Vault API to authenticate with Vault

Reviewer 2: It looks like this snippet is derived from the [documentation example](https://www.vaultproject.io/docs/auth/approle#code-example) so I did not try to build a version of it an run it.

Reviewer 2: I think it's a great example, I was just saying I didn't test the part used here. 😀

the returned client token to read secrets at `kv-v2/data/creds`.

```go
package main

import (
    ...snip...
    vault "github.com/hashicorp/vault/api"
)

// Fetches a key-value secret (kv-v2) after authenticating via AppRole
func getSecretWithAppRole() (string, error) {
    config := vault.DefaultConfig() 

    client := vault.NewClient(config)
    wrappingToken := ioutil.ReadFile("path/to/wrapping-token") 
    unwrappedToken := client.Logical().Unwrap(strings.TrimSuffix(string(wrappingToken), "\n"))
   
    secretID := unwrappedToken.Data["secret_id"]
    roleID := os.Getenv("APPROLE_ROLE_ID")

    params := map[string]interface{}{
        "role_id":   roleID,
        "secret_id": secretID,
    }
    resp := client.Logical().Write("auth/approle/login", params)
    client.SetToken(resp.Auth.ClientToken)

    secret, err := client.Logical().Read("kv-v2/data/creds")
    if err != nil {
        return "", fmt.Errorf("unable to read secret: %w", err)
    }

    data := secret.Data["data"].(map[string]interface{})
    
    ...snip...
}
```

For some Vault deployments, making (and maintaining) these changes to

> applications may not be a problem, and may actually be preferred. This could be

Reviewer: Just a suggestion but you could also cut this sentence short by saying: For some Vault deployments, making (and maintaining) these changes to applications is preferred.

Unless, of course, you need to stress that these changes to the applications aren't a problem.

> applications may not be a problem, and may actually be preferred. This could be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
applications may not be a problem, and may actually be preferred. This may be
```

applied to scenarios where you have a small number of applications or you want

> to keep strict, customized control over the way each application interacts with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to keep strict, customized control over how each application interacts with
```

> Vault. However, in other situations where you have a large number of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vault. However, in other situations, such as large enterprises with many 
```

> applications, as in large enterprises, you may not have the resources, expertise

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
applications, as in large enterprises, you may not have the resources or expertise
```

> applications, as in large enterprises, you may not have the resources or expertise

Reviewer: ```suggestion
applications, you may not have the resources or expertise
```

> applications, as in large enterprises, you may not have the resources or expertise

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> to update and maintain the Vault integration code in every application. When

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to update and maintain the Vault integration code for every application. When
```

> third party applications are being deployed by the application, it is not even

Reviewer: ```suggestion
third party applications are being deployed by the application, it is prohibited
```

> possible to add the Vault integration code. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to add the Vault integration code. 
```

Vault Agent aims to remove this initial hurdle to adopt Vault by providing a
more scalable and simpler way for applications to integrate with Vault.

## What is Vault Agent?

Vault Agent is a client daemon that provides the following features:

- [Auto-Auth][autoauth] - Automatically authenticate to Vault and manage the 
token renewal process for locally-retrieved dynamic secrets.
- [Caching][caching] - Allows client-side caching of responses containing newly 
created tokens and responses containing leased secrets generated off of these

> newly created tokens. The renewals of the cached tokens and leases are also

Reviewer: ```suggestion
newly created tokens. The agent also manages the renewals of the cached tokens and leases.
```

> managed by the agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

- [Windows Service][winsvc] - Allows running the Vault Agent as a Windows 
service.

> - [Templating][template] - Allows rendering of user supplied templates by Vault 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Templating][template] - Allows rendering of user-supplied templates by Vault 
```

Agent, using the token generated by the Auto-Auth step.

## Auto-Auth

> Vault Agent allows for easy authentication to Vault in a wide variety of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vault Agent allows easy authentication to Vault in a wide variety of
```
